pottery: 
	@echo pottery
	@touch pottery
irrigation: pottery
	@echo irrigation
	@touch irrigation
writing: pottery
	@echo writing
	@touch writing
animal_husbandry: 
	@echo animal_husbandry
	@touch animal_husbandry
archery: animal_husbandry
	@echo archery
	@touch archery
mining: 
	@echo mining
	@touch mining
masonry: mining
	@echo masonry
	@touch masonry
bronze_working: mining
	@echo bronze_working
	@touch bronze_working
the_wheel: mining
	@echo the_wheel
	@touch the_wheel
apprenticeship: mining currency horseback_riding
	@echo apprenticeship
	@touch apprenticeship
sailing: 
	@echo sailing
	@touch sailing
celestial_navigation: sailing astrology
	@echo celestial_navigation
	@touch celestial_navigation
shipbuilding: sailing
	@echo shipbuilding
	@touch shipbuilding
astrology: 
	@echo astrology
	@touch astrology
drama_poetry: astrology irrigation masonry early_empire mysticism
	@echo drama_poetry
	@touch drama_poetry
theology: astrology mysticism drama_poetry
	@echo theology
	@touch theology
horseback_riding: archery
	@echo horseback_riding
	@touch horseback_riding
machinery: archery iron_working engineering
	@echo machinery
	@touch machinery
currency: writing foreign_trade
	@echo currency
	@touch currency
state_workforce: writing bronze_working craftsmanship
	@echo state_workforce
	@touch state_workforce
recorded_history: writing political_philosophy drama_poetry
	@echo recorded_history
	@touch recorded_history
construction: masonry the_wheel horseback_riding
	@echo construction
	@touch construction
engineering: masonry the_wheel
	@echo engineering
	@touch engineering
iron_working: bronze_working
	@echo iron_working
	@touch iron_working
mathematics: bronze_working celestial_navigation currency drama_poetry
	@echo mathematics
	@touch mathematics
military_training: bronze_working military_tradition games_recreation
	@echo military_training
	@touch military_training
cartography: celestial_navigation shipbuilding
	@echo cartography
	@touch cartography
medieval_faires: currency feudalism
	@echo medieval_faires
	@touch medieval_faires
guilds: currency feudalism civil_service
	@echo guilds
	@touch guilds
mercantilism: currency humanism
	@echo mercantilism
	@touch mercantilism
stirrups: horseback_riding feudalism
	@echo stirrups
	@touch stirrups
mass_production: shipbuilding machinery education
	@echo mass_production
	@touch mass_production
naval_tradition: shipbuilding defensive_tactics
	@echo naval_tradition
	@touch naval_tradition
military_tactics: mathematics
	@echo military_tactics
	@touch military_tactics
education: mathematics apprenticeship
	@echo education
	@touch education
military_engineering: construction engineering
	@echo military_engineering
	@touch military_engineering
castles: construction divine_right exploration
	@echo castles
	@touch castles
games_recreation: construction state_workforce
	@echo games_recreation
	@touch games_recreation
gunpowder: apprenticeship stirrups military_engineering
	@echo gunpowder
	@touch gunpowder
printing: machinery education
	@echo printing
	@touch printing
metal_casting: machinery gunpowder
	@echo metal_casting
	@touch metal_casting
banking: education stirrups guilds
	@echo banking
	@touch banking
astronomy: education
	@echo astronomy
	@touch astronomy
military_science: stirrups printing siege_tactics
	@echo military_science
	@touch military_science
siege_tactics: castles metal_casting
	@echo siege_tactics
	@touch siege_tactics
square_rigging: cartography gunpowder
	@echo square_rigging
	@touch square_rigging
exploration: cartography mercenaries medieval_faires
	@echo exploration
	@touch exploration
industrialization: mass_production square_rigging
	@echo industrialization
	@touch industrialization
scientific_theory: banking astronomy the_enlightenment
	@echo scientific_theory
	@touch scientific_theory
colonialism: astronomy mercantilism
	@echo colonialism
	@touch colonialism
ballistics: metal_casting siege_tactics
	@echo ballistics
	@touch ballistics
economics: metal_casting scientific_theory
	@echo economics
	@touch economics
scorched_earth: metal_casting nationalism
	@echo scorched_earth
	@touch scorched_earth
steam_power: industrialization
	@echo steam_power
	@touch steam_power
flight: industrialization scientific_theory economics
	@echo flight
	@touch flight
steel: industrialization rifling
	@echo steel
	@touch steel
class_struggle: industrialization ideology
	@echo class_struggle
	@touch class_struggle
sanitation: scientific_theory urbanization
	@echo sanitation
	@touch sanitation
rifling: ballistics military_science
	@echo rifling
	@touch rifling
totalitarianism: military_science ideology
	@echo totalitarianism
	@touch totalitarianism
electricity: steam_power mercantilism
	@echo electricity
	@touch electricity
radio: steam_power flight conservation
	@echo radio
	@touch radio
chemistry: sanitation
	@echo chemistry
	@touch chemistry
suffrage: sanitation ideology
	@echo suffrage
	@touch suffrage
replaceable_parts: economics
	@echo replaceable_parts
	@touch replaceable_parts
capitalism: economics mass_media
	@echo capitalism
	@touch capitalism
combined_arms: flight combustion
	@echo combined_arms
	@touch combined_arms
synthetic_materials: flight plastics
	@echo synthetic_materials
	@touch synthetic_materials
rapid_deployment: flight cold_war
	@echo rapid_deployment
	@touch rapid_deployment
advanced_ballistics: replaceable_parts steel electricity
	@echo advanced_ballistics
	@touch advanced_ballistics
combustion: steel natural_history
	@echo combustion
	@touch combustion
computers: electricity radio suffrage totalitarianism class_struggle
	@echo computers
	@touch computers
advanced_flight: radio
	@echo advanced_flight
	@touch advanced_flight
rocketry: radio chemistry
	@echo rocketry
	@touch rocketry
nanotechnology: radio composites
	@echo nanotechnology
	@touch nanotechnology
mass_media: radio urbanization
	@echo mass_media
	@touch mass_media
nuclear_program: chemistry ideology
	@echo nuclear_program
	@touch nuclear_program
plastics: combustion
	@echo plastics
	@touch plastics
satellites: advanced_flight rocketry
	@echo satellites
	@touch satellites
globalization: advanced_flight rapid_deployment space_race
	@echo globalization
	@touch globalization
guidance_systems: rocketry advanced_ballistics
	@echo guidance_systems
	@touch guidance_systems
space_race: rocketry cold_war
	@echo space_race
	@touch space_race
nuclear_fission: advanced_ballistics combined_arms
	@echo nuclear_fission
	@touch nuclear_fission
telecommunications: computers
	@echo telecommunications
	@touch telecommunications
robotics: computers globalization
	@echo robotics
	@touch robotics
lasers: nuclear_fission
	@echo lasers
	@touch lasers
cold_war: nuclear_fission ideology
	@echo cold_war
	@touch cold_war
composites: synthetic_materials
	@echo composites
	@touch composites
stealth_technology: synthetic_materials
	@echo stealth_technology
	@touch stealth_technology
social_media: telecommunications professional_sports space_race
	@echo social_media
	@touch social_media
nuclear_fusion: lasers
	@echo nuclear_fusion
	@touch nuclear_fusion
code_of_laws: 
	@echo code_of_laws
	@touch code_of_laws
craftsmanship: code_of_laws
	@echo craftsmanship
	@touch craftsmanship
foreign_trade: code_of_laws
	@echo foreign_trade
	@touch foreign_trade
military_tradition: craftsmanship
	@echo military_tradition
	@touch military_tradition
early_empire: foreign_trade
	@echo early_empire
	@touch early_empire
mysticism: foreign_trade
	@echo mysticism
	@touch mysticism
political_philosophy: state_workforce early_empire
	@echo political_philosophy
	@touch political_philosophy
defensive_tactics: games_recreation political_philosophy
	@echo defensive_tactics
	@touch defensive_tactics
humanism: drama_poetry medieval_faires
	@echo humanism
	@touch humanism
mercenaries: military_training feudalism
	@echo mercenaries
	@touch mercenaries
feudalism: defensive_tactics
	@echo feudalism
	@touch feudalism
civil_service: defensive_tactics recorded_history
	@echo civil_service
	@touch civil_service
divine_right: theology civil_service
	@echo divine_right
	@touch divine_right
diplomatic_service: guilds
	@echo diplomatic_service
	@touch diplomatic_service
reformed_church: guilds divine_right
	@echo reformed_church
	@touch reformed_church
the_enlightenment: humanism diplomatic_service
	@echo the_enlightenment
	@touch the_enlightenment
civil_engineering: mercantilism
	@echo civil_engineering
	@touch civil_engineering
nationalism: the_enlightenment
	@echo nationalism
	@touch nationalism
opera_ballet: the_enlightenment
	@echo opera_ballet
	@touch opera_ballet
natural_history: colonialism
	@echo natural_history
	@touch natural_history
urbanization: civil_engineering nationalism
	@echo urbanization
	@touch urbanization
conservation: natural_history urbanization
	@echo conservation
	@touch conservation
mobilization: urbanization
	@echo mobilization
	@touch mobilization
cultural_heritage: conservation
	@echo cultural_heritage
	@touch cultural_heritage
ideology: mass_media mobilization
	@echo ideology
	@touch ideology
professional_sports: ideology
	@echo professional_sports
	@touch professional_sports
.PHONY: clean
clean:
	rm -rf pottery irrigation writing animal_husbandry archery mining masonry bronze_working the_wheel apprenticeship sailing celestial_navigation shipbuilding astrology drama_poetry theology horseback_riding machinery currency state_workforce recorded_history construction engineering iron_working mathematics military_training cartography medieval_faires guilds mercantilism stirrups mass_production naval_tradition military_tactics education military_engineering castles games_recreation gunpowder printing metal_casting banking astronomy military_science siege_tactics square_rigging exploration industrialization scientific_theory colonialism ballistics economics scorched_earth steam_power flight steel class_struggle sanitation rifling totalitarianism electricity radio chemistry suffrage replaceable_parts capitalism combined_arms synthetic_materials rapid_deployment advanced_ballistics combustion computers advanced_flight rocketry nanotechnology mass_media nuclear_program plastics satellites globalization guidance_systems space_race nuclear_fission telecommunications robotics lasers cold_war composites stealth_technology social_media nuclear_fusion code_of_laws craftsmanship foreign_trade military_tradition early_empire mysticism political_philosophy defensive_tactics humanism mercenaries feudalism civil_service divine_right diplomatic_service reformed_church the_enlightenment civil_engineering nationalism opera_ballet natural_history urbanization conservation mobilization cultural_heritage ideology professional_sports